hello everyone happy to see you
on paris turf e tv for your
daily received five out of five the
missions of the quinté plus and 5-5 for
accompany me today sébastien
lombardo hello sebastian hello
philippe hello to all then sébastien
direction the lion d'angers this wednesday
a trial that will benefit horses
who go forward rather the
waiting for me to listen to the lion's tracing
angers is quite special it is
think of a straight line of 400 meters
it is true that we can do anything
tactical however the horses then
before the fate a little favored agree
so we're going to favor horses that
like to go ahead we will have great price
we were talking about horses we are going to listen
your selection sébastien so it will be
9 at dawn the five ras al sonates
las milka win the bohemian 8 rhapsody
the set mr bah yes the 3 uranus monterde
the 12 qg list and the ice later ok
then your factory is a factory
for the occasion the number 9
alou arm she has already placed three
times at this level 3 third place that's
the training of andré fabre we have the
feeling like it's a little day
for her I feel
she is a mare who quickly made her
evidence at this level it does not matter
not the doomed on her last out
the distance was too short
the ground much too heavy for its
aptitudes it's a girl of whom there is so
we will be much better this time on a
good potting act is clear the opposition
is largely within reach if it has to
win the interviewee for me this is what
Wednesday is this Wednesday including
so we can even have fun playing
existing winner here we go the
contrast the number 5 stamkos that comes from
prove his form to castlebriant on his
launched
exactly snap logic that comes from
finish second excellent 2nd of the
race reference to castlebriant was coming
to say it for me with the best
course they could have won so there
find black joel so the winner
with a clear advantage over weight
his coach told us that the
choice had remained in the best
provisions all the lights are green
okay take a stand CAG vzw
to win at this level in February 2014
it was in cagnes-sur-mer the horse remains
a little bit loaded now
it is kneaded quality so we will
beware exactly beta win it's a
player who won as we had
said his quente to cagnes-sur-mer this
winter he was able to prove himself
it is true that he is charged he fired the
number 14 may the lot I do not see who
appears on the arm a good base beat
cagan is a hardened horse so for
a place he can quite have
go a 4 5th place quite in
his strings short we can not dismiss him on
comes fourth in number 8
bohemian rhapsody irreproachable but who
start at this level there too it seems
logical to be wary yes for me they
now mature
it's a choice that never stops
progress he stays on two wins
at the level of handicaps
obviously he was penalized but he
arrives as Thursday at maturity and the
horse is in full possession of his
means he forced to climb category
he has a very good commitment it's a
possible remain sacred revelation forgiveness to
this level well we'll see if his
coach agrees since emmanuel
rivron and played on the fabrice phone
bother his coach who is going to us
speak but also fabrice
archambault who was the meeting
of antoine hamelin who will speak to us about
pugilist who will be his jockey since
you have moved to seventh position
it's the moment of the minute terrain on
listen to me well my rhapsody sir
foucher is in excellent shape and the
takes time to win his race but has
priori there he takes taste
and sloping to May 8 in good shape
I really
really killed and the four kilos
side of the penalty that you
worried or not necessarily
antoine you are again associated with
dominique horse sepulcher at home
gie list for this quinté lion
angers
how does it look this presents itself
not too bad it's a horse a little
uncomplicated so everything must be
really goes well with him but since
that he aggrieved yesterday and behaves himself and
rather pretty well so for with
a very good race I think it's
a regular chance gets by
taxes in all lands i have
the impression yes yes I unroll a little
little the surrounded ground rope left
after a problem is in danger this is a
little bit particular but it's a shock
for what should please him
exactly you said ok angel of angers
there is a particular tactic to put
up the tactics not really after
everything depends as always on the rhythm of
the race but we're sure we're better
with a good rope number be rather
riders it's really the place
ideal but it's also the place that
everyone wants so it's not
always obvious to learn it
the will understood is rather the confidence
in the ranks of number 8 but
also number 12 even more
information I give you go on
our sites since you can find
an interview with Adrien once
directed by tanguy barnier bernier
pardon is also an interview of
christophe all done by gilles
ointment there these appointments on our sites
web
Sebastian returns to this 5 with 5 in
fifth choice the number 7
mr bah yes distance specialists
a win three years and quote I think
that's why you
have it in fifth place
exactly these games
I give him one last credit
a choice that has disappointed
but as he disappoints his value is
definitely exactly so it's a student
from henri alex pantall who are fit
and things will turn out it's clear
mounted by fabrice veron so a last
credit so for me if he does not
the arrival in this quinté
I think we 'll see him again
inside everything and it's clear in my
government and claim the post after
it will be filmed some disabilities thank you
a lot of Sebastian for all these
news
tomorrow I give you appointment on this
same tray with instead of
sébastien éric gosselin who will speak to us
from a 5.5 to auteuil
thank you thank you thank you sébastien good game to
all bye thank you